Improve env var notes (#302)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/env-var-note.adoc

== Reading Notes

Service name vs. environment variable name::
+
[TIP]
====
Environment variable names are always upper case and words are connected with an underscore. They start with the name of the service. If the service name is more than one word and the words are connected with a dash, the dash is replaced by an underscore. This info is useful when you search for environment variables based on the service name.

Example: `auth-basic` -> `AUTH_BASIC_XXX`
====

Global scale environment variables::

> Environment variables starting with `OCIS_` are variables that have a global scope. This means, their setting is valid for all services, if not explicitly overwritten by a correspondent service varibale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables starting with `OCIS_` are variables that have a global scope. This means, their setting is valid for all services, if not explicitly overwritten by a corresponding service variable.
```
